♻️  Introduce Document Lifecycle into Learn Section (#486)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/reference-docs/project-config/content-types.md

NOTE: the default content only gets applied when a document is created manually, i.e. in the editor. If you create documents programmatically (e.g. import), you need to define the content yourself.

The default content is simply a (valid) Livingdocs JSON applying to your design.

One useful property on components within the default content is the `position: fixed` property. It allows to fix a component in place, useful, e.g. for headers. [Read more]({{< ref "/reference-docs/editor-extensions/editor-configuration#pin-components" >}})

## Default Metadata

> The default [metadata]({{< ref "/reference-docs/document/metadata" >}}) defines what metadata are pre-set on your document upon creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default [metadata]({{< ref "/reference-docs/document/metadata" >}}) defines what metadata properties are predefined on your document upon creation.
```
